Kubernetes migration to v2, managed addons + possibility to get a new cluster (#163)
elastx/elx-docs: content/en/docs/kubernetes/knowledge-base/migration-to-caasv2.md

description: "Everything you need to know and prepare prior to migrating your cluster to Kubernetes CaaS v2"
weight: 1
---
> ** Please note this document was updated 20240305.

This document will guide through all new changes introduced when migrating to our new kubernetes deployment backend. All customers with a Kubernetes cluster created on Kubernetes 1.25 and earlier are affected.

We have received, and acted upon, customer feedback since our main announcement 2023Q4.
We provide two additional paths to reach v1.26:

- We've reverted to continue providing Ingress/Certmanager.

> - We offer you a new additional cluster (v1.26 or latest version), for free during 30 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To assist with your transition we can offer you an additional cluster (v1.26 or latest version) up to 30 days at no extra charge.
```
